README.md, before:

# Data Structures and Algorithms in Java (CSE-41321)
## UCSD Extension – Summer 2021 (157162)
### Homework Assignment #4
#### Introduction
The purpose of this exercises is to implement an algorithm that uses stacks to add whole numbers of any size.

The largest number that Java can store is around 9.23 quintillion (9,223,372,036,854,775,807 to be exact). Integers of
this magnitude are supported by Java's primitive data type called "long." Manipulating anything larger will 
require some sleight of hand.

In this exercise I endeavor to solve this dilemma by using the approach described in the instructor's problem statement.
Specifically, in this algorithm, numbers are processed as strings (i.e., a sequence of characters) rather than in their
binary "twos complement" format. Java supports integers only up to 9.23 quintillion. If an integer of type long is 
stored in eight bytes, you might be wondering what happened to the eighth bit. Why isn't the largest integer twice the
size? Well, a discussion about the idiosyncrasies of twos complement representation of integers is beyond the scope of
this document. Regardless, 9.23 quintillion is a very big number. But it *does* represent the limit in Java for positive
integers. How would one surmount this obstacle?

I think that the algorithm proposed by the instructor is "too cool for school!" Perhaps it's commonplace in the annals
of computer science, but it's the first time *I've* seen it.
### Background
The objective is to circumvent the constraints imposed by the Java compiler; or any other language for that matter. When
representing a number as a sequence of characters, the possibilities are practically limitless. We're talking about
numbers that could contain over two billion digits! We still have to do the math, but we never have to operate on
anything larger than single-digit operands! How does it all work? Without further ado, here is the diagram that was
provided:

![](algorithm-diagram.png)

I didn't really rely on this when formulating my solution, but i got the gist.

Here is the pseudocode that was provided:
```text
addLargeNumbers(number1, number2)
    read the numerals of the first number and store them on one stack
    read the numerals of the second number and store them on another stack
    var result := 0
    while at least one stack is not empty
        pop a numeral from each nonempty stack and add them to result
        push the unit part of addition onto a new stack called the result stack
        store the carry part of the addition in result
        push result onto the result stack if it is not zero
    pop numbers from the result stack and display them
```
I used it in combination with the previous diagram to understand the algorithm. Once I had a pretty good grasp of the
concept, I was on my way!
### Solution
While implementing my solution, I used a Stack class from the example code provided by the instructor. For the
SinglyLinkedList class used by the Stack class, I also used source code contained in the examples provided by the
instructor.
#### Source Code
##### Homework4
```java
package cse41321.containers;

import java.util.Iterator;
import java.util.NoSuchElementException;

class Homework4 {

    static class SinglyLinkedList<E> {
        // An element in a linked list
        public class Element {
            private E data;
            private Element next;

            // Only allow SinglyLinkedList to construct Elements
            private Element(E data) {
                this.data = data;
                this.next = null;
            }

            public E getData() {
                return data;
            }

            public Element getNext() {
                return next;
            }

            private SinglyLinkedList<E> getOwner() {
                return SinglyLinkedList.this;
            }
        }

        private Element head;
        private Element tail;
        private int size;

        public Element getHead() {
            return head;
        }

        public Element getTail() {
            return tail;
        }

        public int getSize() {
            return size;
        }

        public boolean isEmpty() {
            return size == 0;
        }

        public Element insertHead(E data) {
            Element newElement = new Element(data);

            if (isEmpty()) {
                // Insert into empty list
                head = newElement;
                tail = newElement;
            } else {
                // Insert into non-empty list
                newElement.next = head;
                head = newElement;
            }

            ++size;

            return newElement;
        }

        public Element insertTail(E data) {
            Element newElement = new Element(data);

            if (isEmpty()) {
                // Insert into empty list
                head = newElement;
                tail = newElement;
            } else {
                // Insert into non-empty list
                tail.next = newElement;
                tail = newElement;
            }

            ++size;

            return newElement;
        }

        public Element insertAfter(Element element, E data)
                throws IllegalArgumentException {
            // Check pre-conditions
            if (element == null) {
                throw new IllegalArgumentException(
                        "Argument 'element' must not be null");
            }
            if (element.getOwner() != this) {
                throw new IllegalArgumentException(
                        "Argument 'element' does not belong to this list");
            }

            // Insert new element
            Element newElement = new Element(data);
            if (tail == element) {
                // Insert new tail
                element.next = newElement;
                tail = newElement;
            } else {
                // Insert into middle of list
                newElement.next = element.next;
                element.next = newElement;
            }

            ++size;

            return newElement;
        }

        public E removeHead() throws NoSuchElementException {
            // Check pre-conditions
            if (isEmpty()) {
                throw new NoSuchElementException("Cannot remove from empty list");
            }

            // Remove the head
            Element oldHead = head;
            if (size == 1) {
                // Handle removal of the last element
                head = null;
                tail = null;
            } else {
                head = head.next;
            }

            --size;

            return oldHead.data;
        }

        // Note that there is no removeTail.  This cannot be implemented
        // efficiently because it would require O(n) to scan from head until
        // reaching the item _before_ tail.

        public E removeAfter(Element element)
                throws IllegalArgumentException, NoSuchElementException {
            // Check pre-conditions
            if (element == null) {
                throw new IllegalArgumentException(
                        "Argument 'element' must not be null");
            }
            if (element.getOwner() != this) {
                throw new IllegalArgumentException(
                        "Argument 'element' does not belong to this list");
            }
            if (element == tail) {
                throw new IllegalArgumentException(
                        "Argument 'element' must have a non-null next element");
            }

            // Remove element
            Element elementToRemove = element.next;
            if (elementToRemove == tail) {
                // Remove the tail
                element.next = null;
                tail = element;
            } else {
                // Remove from middle of list
                element.next = elementToRemove.next;
            }

            --size;

            return elementToRemove.data;
        }

        @Override
        public boolean equals(Object o) {
            if (this == o) return true;
            if (o == null || getClass() != o.getClass()) return false;

            SinglyLinkedList<?> that = (SinglyLinkedList<?>) o;

            if (this.size != that.size) return false;

            // Return whether all elements are the same
            SinglyLinkedList<?>.Element thisElem = this.getHead();
            SinglyLinkedList<?>.Element thatElem = that.getHead();
            while (thisElem != null && thatElem != null) {
                if (!thisElem.getData().equals(thatElem.getData())) {
                    return false;
                }
                thisElem = thisElem.getNext();
                thatElem = thatElem.getNext();
            }

            return true;
        }
    }

    static class Stack<E> implements Iterable<E> {
        private SinglyLinkedList<E> list = new SinglyLinkedList<E>();

        public void push(E data) {
            list.insertHead(data);
        }

        public E pop() throws NoSuchElementException {
            if (isEmpty()) {
                throw new NoSuchElementException();
            }

            return list.removeHead();
        }

        public E peek() throws NoSuchElementException {
            if (isEmpty()) {
                throw new NoSuchElementException();
            }

            return list.getHead().getData();
        }

        public int getSize() {
            return list.getSize();
        }

        public boolean isEmpty() {
            return list.isEmpty();
        }

        private class Stackerator implements Iterator<E> {
            private SinglyLinkedList<E>.Element elem;

            public Stackerator() {
                elem = Stack.this.list.getHead();
            }

            public boolean hasNext() {
                return elem != null;
            }

            public E next() {
                if (hasNext()) {
                    E data = elem.getData();
                    elem = elem.getNext();
                    return data;
                } else {
                    throw new NoSuchElementException();
                }
            }
        }

        public Iterator<E> iterator() {
            return new Stackerator();
        }

    }

    /**
     * This  method accepts  two  string  arguments. Each  argument  is expected to
     * contain  numeric characters.  Invalid  characters will  be  removed prior to
     * processing.  The arguments  will be  added together  and the  result will be
     * displayed on the console.
     *
     * This  method can  accommodate numbers  much  larger than  those supported  by
     * Java's  <i>long</i>  integer type  (approx. 9.23 quintillion). Theoretically,
     * this  method can  accommodate integers  that are  two billion  digits long  –
     * although nothing approaching that magnitude has been tested.
     *
     * Arguments containing empty strings are tolerated and are generally ignored.
     * An argument consisting of an empty string is equivalent to the value zero.
     * When both arguments are empty, no output is generated.
     *
     * @param number1 a String representing an integer value
     * @param number2 a String representing an integer value
     */
    static void addLargeNumbers(String number1, String number2) {
        Stack<Character> firstOperand = new Stack<>();
        Stack<Character> secondOperand = new Stack<>();
        Stack<Character> theSum = new Stack<>();
        // Remove any commas or fractional components from the first argument.
        String noPunctuation = number1.replaceAll("[.].*$|[^0-9]", "");
        // Push the remaining characters in the first argument onto a stack.
        for (int index = 0; index < noPunctuation.length(); index++) {
            firstOperand.push(noPunctuation.charAt(index));
        }
        // Remove any commas or fractional components from the second argument.
        noPunctuation = number2.replaceAll("[.].*$|[^0-9]", "");
        // Push the remaining characters in the second argument onto a stack.
        for (int index = 0; index < noPunctuation.length(); index++) {
            secondOperand.push(noPunctuation.charAt(index));
        }
        int intermediateResult;
        int carry = 0;
        // Repeat the following steps until both stacks are empty.
        while (!firstOperand.isEmpty() || !secondOperand.isEmpty()) {
            intermediateResult = 0;
            intermediateResult += carry;
            if (!firstOperand.isEmpty()) {
                intermediateResult += Integer.parseInt(firstOperand.pop().toString());
            }
            if (!secondOperand.isEmpty()) {
                intermediateResult += Integer.parseInt(secondOperand.pop().toString());
            }
            // Convert the integer (int) result to char and push it onto the stack.
            theSum.push(Integer.toString(intermediateResult % 10).charAt(0));  // Yikes!
            carry = intermediateResult / 10;    // Save the carry amount.
        }
        for (Character digit : theSum) System.out.print(digit);
        System.out.println();
    }

}

class DriverClass {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        String aLargeNumber = "8,129,498,165,026,350,236.5678";
        String aLargerNumber = "18,274,364,583,929,273,748,525.1234";
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("592.25", "3,784.50");
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers(aLargeNumber, aLargerNumber);
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("100.101", "400.201");
    }

}
```
##### Homework4Test
```java
package cse41321.containers;

import org.testng.annotations.AfterMethod;
import org.testng.annotations.BeforeMethod;
import org.testng.annotations.Test;

import java.io.ByteArrayOutputStream;
import java.io.PrintStream;

import static org.testng.Assert.*;

public class Homework4Test {
    private final PrintStream originalStdOut = System.out;
    private ByteArrayOutputStream consoleContent = new ByteArrayOutputStream();
    private final String theAnswer = "18282494082094300098761";

    @BeforeMethod
    public void setUp() {
        // Redirect all System.out to consoleContent.
        System.setOut(new PrintStream(this.consoleContent));
    }

    @AfterMethod
    public void tearDown() {
        System.setOut(this.originalStdOut);     // Restore original standard out
        // Clear the consoleContent.
        this.consoleContent = new ByteArrayOutputStream();
    }

    @Test
    public void withReallyLongNumbers() {
        // By the way, I couldn't find anything on the Internet that could add these two numbers!
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("18274364583929273748525", "8129498165026350236");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains(theAnswer));
    }

    @Test
    public void numbersContainingSpaces() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("18 274 364 583 929 273 748 525", "8 129 498 165 026 350 236");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains(theAnswer));
    }

    @Test
    public void withAnEmptyString() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("18274364583929273748525", "");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains("18274364583929273748525"));
    }

    @Test
    public void theOtherStringIsEmpty() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("", "8129498165026350236");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains("8129498165026350236"));
    }


    @Test
    public void bothArgumentsAreEmpty() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("", "");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains(""));
    }

    @Test
    public void theSameArgumentsInReverseOrder() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("8129498165026350236", "18274364583929273748525");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains(theAnswer));
    }

    @Test
    public void removePunctuationAndFractionalComponent() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("18,274,364,583,929,273,748,525.1234", "8,129,498,165,026,350,236.5678");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains(theAnswer));
    }

    @Test
    public void invalidCharacters() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("ABC.DEF", "GHI.JKL");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains(""));
    }

    @Test
    public void morePunctuation() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("18_274_364_583_929_273_748_525.1234", "8_129_498_165_026_350_236.5678");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains(theAnswer));
    }

    @Test
    public void preliminaryExam() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("592.25", "3,784.50");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains("4376"));
    }
}
```
## Output
### Test Suite
![](test-results.png)
### Homework4::addLargeNumbers()
![](console-output.png)
## Summary
I'm out of practice interpreting pseudocode
I'm still fond of flowcharts
I added an iterator to the Stack class so that I could use enhanced for-loops
I used git to create separate ranch while adding the iterator
While the algorithm for adding string representations of integers turned out to be fairly straightforward, there were a
couple of subtle nuances.

Commit message:

The assignment is due tonight. I'm finishing up the README file.

README.md, after:

# Data Structures and Algorithms in Java (CSE-41321)
## UCSD Extension – Summer 2021 (157162)
### Homework Assignment #4
#### Introduction
The purpose of this exercises is to implement an algorithm that uses stacks to add whole numbers of any size.

The largest number that Java can store is around 9.23 quintillion (9,223,372,036,854,775,807 to be exact). Integers of
this magnitude are supported by Java's primitive data type called "long." Manipulating anything larger will 
require some sleight of hand.

In this exercise I endeavor to solve this dilemma by using the approach described in the instructor's problem statement.
Specifically, in this algorithm, numbers are processed as strings (i.e., a sequence of characters) rather than in their
binary "twos complement" format. Java supports integers only up to 9.23 quintillion. If an integer of type long is 
stored in eight bytes, you might be wondering what happened to the eighth bit. Why isn't the largest integer twice the
size? Well, a discussion about the idiosyncrasies of twos complement representation of integers is beyond the scope of
this document. Regardless, 9.23 quintillion is a very big number. But it *does* represent the limit in Java for positive
integers. How would one surmount this obstacle?

I think that the algorithm proposed by the instructor is "too cool for school!" Perhaps it's commonplace in the annals
of computer science, but it's the first time *I've* seen it.
### Background
The objective is to circumvent the constraints imposed by the Java compiler; or any other language for that matter. When
representing a number as a sequence of characters, the possibilities are practically limitless. We're talking about
numbers that could contain over two billion digits! We still have to do the math, but we never have to operate on
anything larger than single-digit operands! How does it all work? Without further ado, here is the diagram that was
provided:

![](algorithm-diagram.png)

I didn't really rely on this when formulating my solution, but i got the gist.

Here is the pseudocode that was provided:
```text
addLargeNumbers(number1, number2)
    read the numerals of the first number and store them on one stack
    read the numerals of the second number and store them on another stack
    var result := 0
    while at least one stack is not empty
        pop a numeral from each nonempty stack and add them to result
        push the unit part of addition onto a new stack called the result stack
        store the carry part of the addition in result
        push result onto the result stack if it is not zero
    pop numbers from the result stack and display them
```
I used it in combination with the previous diagram to understand the algorithm. Once I had a pretty good grasp of the
concept, I was on my way!
### Solution
While implementing my solution, I used a Stack class from the example code provided by the instructor. For the
SinglyLinkedList class used by the Stack class, I also used source code contained in the examples provided by the
instructor.
#### Source Code
##### Homework4
```java
package cse41321.containers;

import java.util.Iterator;
import java.util.NoSuchElementException;

class Homework4 {

    static class SinglyLinkedList<E> {
        // An element in a linked list
        public class Element {
            private E data;
            private Element next;

            // Only allow SinglyLinkedList to construct Elements
            private Element(E data) {
                this.data = data;
                this.next = null;
            }

            public E getData() {
                return data;
            }

            public Element getNext() {
                return next;
            }

            private SinglyLinkedList<E> getOwner() {
                return SinglyLinkedList.this;
            }
        }

        private Element head;
        private Element tail;
        private int size;

        public Element getHead() {
            return head;
        }

        public Element getTail() {
            return tail;
        }

        public int getSize() {
            return size;
        }

        public boolean isEmpty() {
            return size == 0;
        }

        public Element insertHead(E data) {
            Element newElement = new Element(data);

            if (isEmpty()) {
                // Insert into empty list
                head = newElement;
                tail = newElement;
            } else {
                // Insert into non-empty list
                newElement.next = head;
                head = newElement;
            }

            ++size;

            return newElement;
        }

        public Element insertTail(E data) {
            Element newElement = new Element(data);

            if (isEmpty()) {
                // Insert into empty list
                head = newElement;
                tail = newElement;
            } else {
                // Insert into non-empty list
                tail.next = newElement;
                tail = newElement;
            }

            ++size;

            return newElement;
        }

        public Element insertAfter(Element element, E data)
                throws IllegalArgumentException {
            // Check pre-conditions
            if (element == null) {
                throw new IllegalArgumentException(
                        "Argument 'element' must not be null");
            }
            if (element.getOwner() != this) {
                throw new IllegalArgumentException(
                        "Argument 'element' does not belong to this list");
            }

            // Insert new element
            Element newElement = new Element(data);
            if (tail == element) {
                // Insert new tail
                element.next = newElement;
                tail = newElement;
            } else {
                // Insert into middle of list
                newElement.next = element.next;
                element.next = newElement;
            }

            ++size;

            return newElement;
        }

        public E removeHead() throws NoSuchElementException {
            // Check pre-conditions
            if (isEmpty()) {
                throw new NoSuchElementException("Cannot remove from empty list");
            }

            // Remove the head
            Element oldHead = head;
            if (size == 1) {
                // Handle removal of the last element
                head = null;
                tail = null;
            } else {
                head = head.next;
            }

            --size;

            return oldHead.data;
        }

        // Note that there is no removeTail.  This cannot be implemented
        // efficiently because it would require O(n) to scan from head until
        // reaching the item _before_ tail.

        public E removeAfter(Element element)
                throws IllegalArgumentException, NoSuchElementException {
            // Check pre-conditions
            if (element == null) {
                throw new IllegalArgumentException(
                        "Argument 'element' must not be null");
            }
            if (element.getOwner() != this) {
                throw new IllegalArgumentException(
                        "Argument 'element' does not belong to this list");
            }
            if (element == tail) {
                throw new IllegalArgumentException(
                        "Argument 'element' must have a non-null next element");
            }

            // Remove element
            Element elementToRemove = element.next;
            if (elementToRemove == tail) {
                // Remove the tail
                element.next = null;
                tail = element;
            } else {
                // Remove from middle of list
                element.next = elementToRemove.next;
            }

            --size;

            return elementToRemove.data;
        }

        @Override
        public boolean equals(Object o) {
            if (this == o) return true;
            if (o == null || getClass() != o.getClass()) return false;

            SinglyLinkedList<?> that = (SinglyLinkedList<?>) o;

            if (this.size != that.size) return false;

            // Return whether all elements are the same
            SinglyLinkedList<?>.Element thisElem = this.getHead();
            SinglyLinkedList<?>.Element thatElem = that.getHead();
            while (thisElem != null && thatElem != null) {
                if (!thisElem.getData().equals(thatElem.getData())) {
                    return false;
                }
                thisElem = thisElem.getNext();
                thatElem = thatElem.getNext();
            }

            return true;
        }
    }

    static class Stack<E> implements Iterable<E> {
        private SinglyLinkedList<E> list = new SinglyLinkedList<E>();

        public void push(E data) {
            list.insertHead(data);
        }

        public E pop() throws NoSuchElementException {
            if (isEmpty()) {
                throw new NoSuchElementException();
            }

            return list.removeHead();
        }

        public E peek() throws NoSuchElementException {
            if (isEmpty()) {
                throw new NoSuchElementException();
            }

            return list.getHead().getData();
        }

        public int getSize() {
            return list.getSize();
        }

        public boolean isEmpty() {
            return list.isEmpty();
        }

        private class Stackerator implements Iterator<E> {
            private SinglyLinkedList<E>.Element elem;

            public Stackerator() {
                elem = Stack.this.list.getHead();
            }

            public boolean hasNext() {
                return elem != null;
            }

            public E next() {
                if (hasNext()) {
                    E data = elem.getData();
                    elem = elem.getNext();
                    return data;
                } else {
                    throw new NoSuchElementException();
                }
            }
        }

        public Iterator<E> iterator() {
            return new Stackerator();
        }

    }

    /**
     * This  method accepts  two  string  arguments. Each  argument  is expected to
     * contain  numeric characters.  Invalid  characters will  be  removed prior to
     * processing.  The arguments  will be  added together  and the  result will be
     * displayed on the console.
     *
     * This  method can  accommodate numbers  much  larger than  those supported  by
     * Java's  <i>long</i>  integer type  (approx. 9.23 quintillion). Theoretically,
     * this  method can  accommodate integers  that are  two billion  digits long  –
     * although nothing approaching that magnitude has been tested.
     *
     * Arguments containing empty strings are tolerated and are generally ignored.
     * An argument consisting of an empty string is equivalent to the value zero.
     * When both arguments are empty, no output is generated.
     *
     * @param number1 a String representing an integer value
     * @param number2 a String representing an integer value
     */
    static void addLargeNumbers(String number1, String number2) {
        Stack<Character> firstOperand = new Stack<>();
        Stack<Character> secondOperand = new Stack<>();
        Stack<Character> theSum = new Stack<>();
        // Remove any commas or fractional components from the first argument.
        String noPunctuation = number1.replaceAll("[.].*$|[^0-9]", "");
        // Push the remaining characters in the first argument onto a stack.
        for (int index = 0; index < noPunctuation.length(); index++) {
            firstOperand.push(noPunctuation.charAt(index));
        }
        // Remove any commas or fractional components from the second argument.
        noPunctuation = number2.replaceAll("[.].*$|[^0-9]", "");
        // Push the remaining characters in the second argument onto a stack.
        for (int index = 0; index < noPunctuation.length(); index++) {
            secondOperand.push(noPunctuation.charAt(index));
        }
        int intermediateResult;
        int carry = 0;
        // Repeat the following steps until both stacks are empty.
        while (!firstOperand.isEmpty() || !secondOperand.isEmpty()) {
            intermediateResult = 0;
            intermediateResult += carry;
            if (!firstOperand.isEmpty()) {
                intermediateResult += Integer.parseInt(firstOperand.pop().toString());
            }
            if (!secondOperand.isEmpty()) {
                intermediateResult += Integer.parseInt(secondOperand.pop().toString());
            }
            // Convert the integer (int) result to char and push it onto the stack.
            theSum.push(Integer.toString(intermediateResult % 10).charAt(0));  // Yikes!
            carry = intermediateResult / 10;    // Save the carry amount.
        }
        for (Character digit : theSum) System.out.print(digit);
        System.out.println();
    }

}

class DriverClass {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        String aLargeNumber = "8,129,498,165,026,350,236.5678";
        String aLargerNumber = "18,274,364,583,929,273,748,525.1234";
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("592.25", "3,784.50");
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers(aLargeNumber, aLargerNumber);
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("100.101", "400.201");
    }

}
```
##### Homework4Test
```java
package cse41321.containers;

import org.testng.annotations.AfterMethod;
import org.testng.annotations.BeforeMethod;
import org.testng.annotations.Test;

import java.io.ByteArrayOutputStream;
import java.io.PrintStream;

import static org.testng.Assert.*;

public class Homework4Test {
    private final PrintStream originalStdOut = System.out;
    private ByteArrayOutputStream consoleContent = new ByteArrayOutputStream();
    private final String theAnswer = "18282494082094300098761";

    @BeforeMethod
    public void setUp() {
        // Redirect all System.out to consoleContent.
        System.setOut(new PrintStream(this.consoleContent));
    }

    @AfterMethod
    public void tearDown() {
        System.setOut(this.originalStdOut);     // Restore original standard out
        // Clear the consoleContent.
        this.consoleContent = new ByteArrayOutputStream();
    }

    @Test
    public void withReallyLongNumbers() {
        // By the way, I couldn't find anything on the Internet that could add these two numbers!
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("18274364583929273748525", "8129498165026350236");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains(theAnswer));
    }

    @Test
    public void numbersContainingSpaces() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("18 274 364 583 929 273 748 525", "8 129 498 165 026 350 236");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains(theAnswer));
    }

    @Test
    public void withAnEmptyString() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("18274364583929273748525", "");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains("18274364583929273748525"));
    }

    @Test
    public void theOtherStringIsEmpty() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("", "8129498165026350236");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains("8129498165026350236"));
    }


    @Test
    public void bothArgumentsAreEmpty() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("", "");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains(""));
    }

    @Test
    public void theSameArgumentsInReverseOrder() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("8129498165026350236", "18274364583929273748525");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains(theAnswer));
    }

    @Test
    public void removePunctuationAndFractionalComponent() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("18,274,364,583,929,273,748,525.1234", "8,129,498,165,026,350,236.5678");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains(theAnswer));
    }

    @Test
    public void invalidCharacters() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("ABC.DEF", "GHI.JKL");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains(""));
    }

    @Test
    public void morePunctuation() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("18_274_364_583_929_273_748_525.1234", "8_129_498_165_026_350_236.5678");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains(theAnswer));
    }

    @Test
    public void preliminaryExam() {
        Homework4.addLargeNumbers("592.25", "3,784.50");
        assertTrue(this.consoleContent.toString().contains("4376"));
    }
}
```
## Output
### Test Suite
![](test-results.png)
### Homework4::addLargeNumbers()
![](console-output.png)
## Summary
Getting an early start on this assignment was both a blessing and a curse. Starting early gave me plenty of time to
address those hidden bugs that inevitably pop up. On the other hand, having that much time allowed me to indulge my
obsessive nature; constantly finding little things that I could improve.

I was able to understand the concept very quickly, but the road to a successful implementation was bumpier than I
expected. On at least two occasions I had to reengineer what initially appeared to be viable solutions. Consequently,
although I thought I'd finished this project on at least a couple of occasions, once again I'm up against the clock.
Okay. I'm exaggerating a bit. I have only the readme file left to finish. Earlier this morning I eliminated the last bug.
It really wasn't a bug, but a section of code that I got could benefit from a facelift. Some of the constructs in my
original solution weren't very sophisticated, and not representative of my best work.

Recently I got the impression that some of my fellow students are able to finish these assignments in a couple of days!!
Wow! Are these assignments really that easy?! What's wrong with *me*? Of course I don't have anything concrete on which
to base my suspicions; the evidence is purely circumstantial. Besides, I remember the days when I could do that. In fact,
in a previous class I turned in five assignments in one week.  The assignments were easier back then, and even though it
was an introductory class, much of the material was review. But I digress…



I'm out of practice interpreting pseudocode
I'm still fond of flowcharts
I added an iterator to the Stack class so that I could use enhanced for-loops
I used git to create separate ranch while adding the iterator
While the algorithm for adding string representations of integers turned out to be fairly straightforward, there were a
couple of subtle nuances.
